Logboek

maandag 2 feb: keuze partner, onderwerp, profielvak en begeleider

maandag 23 feb: Formuleren hoofd/deelvragen 

maandag 2 maart: radboud Universiteit

maart  - juni: Onderzoeksfase, plan van aanpak en onderzoek uitvoeren.

vrijdag 17 juli: Resulaten uitwerken
HV: In hoeverre kunnen we  de digitale communicatie verbteren d.m.v. het centraliseren van school systemen?
Dv:
1. Wat zijn de voor-en nadelen van het centralisten van systemen?
2. Hoe kunnen we de veiligheid van de gebruikers gegevens garanderen?
3. Welke groepen en op wat voor manier hebben deze baat bij het centralisten van deze gegevens?
4. Welke digitale middelen kunnen we gebruiken om deze gegevens aan de doelgroepen te brengen?
5. Op welke manieren kunnenn we deze digitale middelen implementeren rekening houdend met eerder gevonden resultaten(in een App/ Dashboard)?

september, oktober, november: Definitieve versie + voortgangsgesprek

Sept 05: Carsten is begotten met het vragen naar toeing tot API's vow ItsLearning. (took more than 2 months before final answers, check in every week if there were any updates)

Oct 02: Voortgangsgesprek: API 

Oct 08: Carsten navragen vow Som API meaner Vos. ( Took more than one month for final answers, i check in every week for new updates)

Nov 19: Barend:Chris Initial backend commit + first bug fixes (big part from earlier project by Cas de Reuver

Nov 20: Barend: Chris did not make it clear what he was doing

Nov 21: Barend Chris, added some workarounds

Nov 22: Barend: Chris did not make clear what he was doing

Nov 23: Barend: Added presence

Nov 24: Barend: Username handling fix and Desploy script by Milo Cesar

Nov 25: Barend: Schedule added, local host fix

Nov 26: Barend: Chris was fixing son pretty print

Nov 27: Barend: Debugging

Nov 28: Barend: Milo added debug endpoint and made memory more efficient.

Dec 01: Barend: Sort function was added

Dec 02: Barend: Student portal added, Licence added, Cas de Reuver removed unnecessary code. 

Dec 03: Barend: Removed crashing code, updated htaccess, redirect all non endpoint to index, include token in URL

Dec 04: Barend: Grades endpoint added and workaround empty cache by Milo Cesar

Dec 08: Barend: Added parse time, Presence integrated with schedule

Dec 11: Barend: Cammelcase, classlist integration, (Milo Cesar: UTF8 decode names, added Unicode decoding), added setcookie

Dec 12: Barend: Added login path

Dec 13: Milo Cesar did some authentication and token improvements.

Dec 14: Barend: Milo Cesar forced token on all endpoints

Dec 15: Chris didn't make it clear what he was working on

Dec 27: Barend: Server debugging by Milo Cesar

Dec 29: Barend: Carsten Sinke added vacation data

Jan 02: Barend added profile path and added period to grades

Jan 09: first front-end commits, implemented: log-in interface, header + footer, License, profile page, grades
Barend: Milo Cesar removed salt and ditto some speed improvements, some changes for login to schedule by Chris Witteveen

Jan 10, Front-end: Presence, schedule, mail, token(to secure passwords),  some header updates and navbar updates.

Jan 11: Front-end:  fixed navbar and viewport for mobile support
Barend: Added Itslearning support

Jan 12: Front-end: Bootstrap fix, mail script, grades formatting, classlist added
Barend: Working on Itslearning support

Jan 13: Front-end: Loading time improvements by Chris, added profile table
Backend: Subjects retrieving

Jan 14: Front-end: fixed profile_student table, added javascript, added brand_logo, trim + check if empty. mail fix, badge count of unread messages, added some bootstrap. Activated php html on server. Added animation for long waiting time.
Barend: Added mail from Kurt T Stam to Backend, Milo was working on json formatting. Chris still working on ItsLearning

Jan 15: Barend: Milo Cesar added body to endpoint for mail

Jan 16: Milo added Async presence
Backend: added planner, participants and bug fixes

Jan 18: Milo tried to Async some other stuff, but didn't work out
Backend: Milo Cesar did some last minut fixes.

11 januari: ingeleverd
